Hello friends, my name is Sachin and
today I have brought you a new video.
So friends, today we are going to talk
about the Complete Health Insurance 2.0 version of Isolation Ward. This month, friends,
I had also told you in my latest video
that Isolation Ward has
launched Complete Health Insurance named 2.0 and
within this, they have kept their insurance
categories in four categories. In the
last video, we did a complete review of Health Seat. In
this video,
we will review Health Plus and
similarly, in the upcoming videos, we will review Help The
Lead and Health Related Plus.
So friends, today we are going to start the
full review of Health Wealth Plus in
detail. So let's start. So
friends, first of all,
if I tell you the benefits of this plan, then this plan
starts at a minimum of Rs 15 lakh because it is a plan of the same category.
Some benefits are also
more in it than the previous plan
and its result is a
little according to that.  There will be more in it as well and in the same
way if you look inside it then there will be some donation in the
upcoming fans as well so
friends first of all there are
options up to 15 lakh 20 lakh 25 thousand fifty lakh rupees inside it,
you can choose from this,
friends talk about Priyan Pos performance,
so how do you do it here before 30 days when
you were not admitted in the hospital, like
you must have seen the doctor, must have done some
tests,
you must have taken some medicines, so the
expenses of the first 30 days in that way and when you are
discharged from the hospital and have come home, then
whatever expenses are there in an easy way, doctor's
fees, medical tests, you have got your
review done by the doctor, so the expenses till the end of the day will be
taken by you under this policy, for
room rent here friends you can take a single up to
private air conditioned room inside it, there
is no limit on any amount in it, if we talk about day treatment then a
lot of day treatment whichever doctor
requests for you can be done after seeing it, so
It is also
available here. Talking about the no claim bonus,
friends, here you will get a bonus in the ten percent
plan premium that will be yours
and it will go up to a maximum of 50%.
For example, suppose you bought a plane here for 20 lakhs, then the
next ten
percent of 20 lakhs, Rs 2 lakh will be added to it.
If you do not take the time, then in the same
way Rs 2 lakh will be added to it.
Similarly, after five to seven years,
if you have not made any claim, then this 20
lakh linked policy will become your third one. There is
one more benefit in it, which I will
tell you later, due to which this no claim
bonus will increase a lot.
Friends, today we will talk about it here,
it is available for unlimited time, that is,
if suppose you have taken a policy of Rs 2000000
and there are four members in your family, then
suppose
Rs 2000000 is spent on any member, then
only Rs 20 lakh is available for the second and
third members.  The
strength of the second member is Rs. 20 lakhs are available for the fourth number also
and if your SIM
card comes to meet him then it will not be covered there, for example,
suppose if you have a heart
disease and Rs. 2000000 is added to it
and if heart disease comes again then
also you will not get it on travel, the SIM card will
not be available
in the second person, if you meet it then
you can take it in the third person, here friends, if
we talk about this treatment then you
go to a hospital which is government
approved and
such things like Ayurveda Siddha Unani are given there, you are
given these types of medicines during treatment
in the hospital also, so
you can take the benefit of that here also, if we
talk about ambulance cover friends, then
this is their best feature that
you get one per cent of sum insured, maximum up to Rs.
10000, now if you
look at the other policy then there are restrictions like Rs. 1500, 2000, 3000,
but
here one percent of the time  Apart from this, the
maximum is 10,000. Suppose you have a
policy of 20 lakhs, then one percent of 20,000
becomes one-time hospitalization, but
here you get a maximum limit of 10,000, which is
quite sufficient. Talking about the entries,
friends, any
healthy person from 18 years onwards, and that means there
is a limit for anything, that means any person up to 65 years or 70 years can
take this plan,
but there are chances of medical problems here,
if you think, then you
can definitely take this policy.
If we talk about new born baby, here if
someone has given birth to a child in your family, then
you can add that child in your introduction under the same policy,
or if you have
children, you can get them covered up to 21 years of age, in the
different days department which is child, then
children up to 21 years of age will be added in it.
Talking about the film service, friends, here the company
gives its claim service charity by writing its claim service.  On the
document, it is written that we will give you
cashless payment within four hours and reimbursement within 14 days.
If we
delete it, then we will charge you a penalty.
This is the first company which is
using the word 'Grid'. Till now, I have seen this, the
word 'Guarantee' is not available anywhere.
If I talk about policy discount, friends,
here if you take this 2 year
plan, then you will get a 10 percent discount
on the second year's premium and
if you choose this plan for three years together, then
you will get a 15 percent discount on the third year's premium. Talking about health checkup
coupons, friends,
here every year there is a test with its prefix, in which there are
about 8 to 10 fixed,
that is a health checkup coupon. You do
not get any cash amount here, that
coupon
comes attached with you and you can book your health checkup by
calling the toll free number written here.
Or you
can go to any nearby diagnostic center which is in their network,
if not in the network then  It
also comes to your home. This circular coupon is there,
you can fold it. Any lab
technician will come to your home and
all your medical check-ups will be done there.
Talking about the Balance Program, friends, this is a
program in which you get some points
and you can get them read
in your OPD benefit. OPD benefit
friends, it happens that suppose you
went to see a doctor, the
doctor's fee was ₹500 or ₹1000. The
doctor prescribes medicines for you worth
thousands of rupees, so you can click between them here.
Friends, what happens in this is that
suppose you
participated in a marathon or you swim or
when you take an exam, you get a
stop here for it, like a gym bill, okay,
or you
participated in a marathon and got a certificate,
okay, or you swim and you receive it there, then
you will give such things, so here
you get points, okay, there are
different points in the category of thousand points, 2000 points, if you want,
you can contact me for details of that.  Yes, I will
share the details with you, so the
value of each point is twenty-five paise,
according to that, it will be
signed in your policy, balance program
to benefit from it means you can add more inches in OPD, let's
talk further friends about
Donor Express, earlier there used to be
no Donor Express cover in such policies, that is, if
you have taken any organ, then the
treatment
expenses of that organ will also be available here, that is up to ₹10,
if you have 20 lakhs, then
₹1000000 is for them and 20 lakh
rupees of your policy is for you only, that is, it is
over and above, similarly there
is a notification also friends, if suppose such a
situation arises
that in your nearby areas, where there is
no one available from the hospital
or the patient is not in such a condition that he
can go to the chapter or get admitted there, then
all those facilities are provided at home
and whatever expenses are incurred in this way, then
they are covered here  But you also
get that benefit, all your expenses will be removed.
Talking about the air ambulance cover,
friends, here that too is
covered up to the amount and the company even
says that this cover is now worth Rs. 20 lakhs. If suppose
your insurance is worth Rs. 2000000
and you have taken this ambulance cover, then it is also worth
Rs. 20 lakhs. If suppose you
spend Rs. 500 on air ambulance
within a year, then your Rs. 5
ambulance cover will be deducted. Whenever your Rs. 20
lakhs cover that you had taken during the injury,
here that additional expense will be there,
only that which was spent during the treatment will be there in it - what does this
mean, otherwise if we talk here
friends, additional Sameshwar protector,
now if
any such claim comes whose value is
less than Rs. 50 thousand, then you will definitely get the
no claim bonus, it will
not be reduced. Okay, friends,
in tele consultation with the doctor, friends, the company
says that there is
unlimited time in our plan.  You can consult a doctor 24*7.
One of their
applications is Oil Tech's Tech Care app. You can
download it from the Play Store or
just from your app. You will see there that when you
open the app, there is a
Doctor on Call feature. If you call from there, the
doctor will connect you through
voice, video, or chat. The doctor will
understand all your problems and give
you the prescription through email. Or
you can take the medicines from there.
And if you need to get any
reports etc., then
you can go to the diagnosis center and get
your tests done. So friends,
I found this to be the best feature that if,
suppose it is 20:27 or 2:30 in the night,
if I need to talk to a doctor, then
this facility
is available free of cost, which is important under my policy. The
company is
not charging you for this. Similarly,
friends, nowadays people are sleeping very lightly;
they want us to
consult them through meditation. I am a nutritionist.  If I want to consult, then
that facility is available here.
Now dietician operations
can have a consultation. Friends, if I talk about the
ambulance assistance service here, then I found it to be a
very good feature of theirs.
What will happen in this is that you will go inside their app itself, there
is an option there too or they have
given a specific number, you will call on that number, then an
ambulance
assistant will come to your home which will be on a
cashless basis. Okay, let's
talk about UP, friends, here if you have a
critical illness and you want to call the
number, then there you want to know that brother, I will tell you
such a doctor. If you want to take a doctor, then
you can take only one opinion here, for example,
suppose you have a major
disease in which you want to undergo surgery, but you do
not want to do it, then I am
consulting a doctor,
so okay, and here you
can take a second open bill from a doctor.
Friends, there is another inbuilt feature of
committee and protector in it. So friends,
what happens is that from time to time you see
that inflation is increasing.  It remains so that
whatever inflation rate our Central Statistical and Directive,
our Consumer
Price Index which is called CPI,
declares every year, your
base price will be increased by that, that is, suppose
your best policy is of 20 lakhs and
6%, then we say Consumer Price
Index, that is, your policy will be increased by one lakh 20 thousand rupees,
that is, it will become
31 lakh 20 thousand and friends, what
happens is that sometimes you get such a claim
in that year and you want
that my policy should be increased or you get some such
disease due to which the
company is not increasing your policy,
but if you have this protector inside your body, then
your policy will keep increasing every year,
whatever price index the
government will declare, generally the company
says that in this,
we will keep adding 6% of it, friends, in this, there is
that through the service of tempo tractor,
this is also an in-world
feature that Idea says that we will provide you  Idea has
given some list of all the companies that it is
not necessary that you pay for these things
but the companies say that if your
policy has this feature which is
inbuilt in it then you will get all the insurance cover like club charges,
admission charges, alcohol and other insurance cover, all these other
non-verbal items will also be covered here,
friends there is also an investment feature in it which is of
white colour, like suppose
you have taken a policy of Rs 2000000 and this is
also another one, that is if it is a policy of 20 lakhs, then
2000000 rupees will work for you in India
and for your burden on 20 lakhs, suppose
you get such a disease in
which you feel that the treatment is better than in India
and
it is so improved in America and Canada,
then there is a facility available worldwide
on cashless basis, you
can get your treatment done
in outside hospitals also, but friends, one
condition in this is that whatever bill comes or 10
percent of it will be deducted.  Payment will be levied, that is,
suppose your bill comes for Rs 10 lakh, then on
one end you will have to pay
Rs 9 lakh from your pocket, the company will
give you Rs 10 lakh and there is a condition in it that
friends, you cannot go for more than 45 days in one trip,
okay,
you can go twice a year by doing 45-39 days and this is for
line treatment, suppose you have gone
there and you fall ill there, then
also you can go there and
get treatment, if you
want more information about how it will be cashless,
how it will work, then I have its complete
literature, you
can get this complete literature by contacting me, so friends, till now, whatever
I have told you,
now let us talk about all these inbuilt features inside the plan, for
this
you will have to pay a little extra premium and
you can add any add-on to your policy
according to half a minute,
so the first
option in it is Super No Claim Bonus, Super
No Claim Bonus, friends, it says that
you have earned Rs 2000000  If you have taken a policy of Rs. 10 lakh, if you
add this feature, you were already getting a 10 percent
bonus, if you add this,
you will get another 50% bonus, that is,
you will get a 60 percent bonus, okay, and how far will it go, it will go
up to two hundred percent, the
shifty one, then the ton ton one is different, so
this is two 50%, leaving out the four, okay,
if we take a small example here
and right now we forget the ten percent one, if
you have a policy at 209, then
your fifty percent will increase, that is,
instead of the third cob, next year, in the same way, if you have
not bought an airplane, then
next year because your age will become 40 lakhs,
then 50 lakhs, okay, so in the same way, it will
go up to two hundred percent, that is, the 20 lakh
people that you have will become 60
percent, here you will get the full ten
percent that you were getting, okay,
friends, so this is the best point,
if you get it done, then your
policy will become very good, you will get very good
marks, let's talk about Hospital Delhi Cantt,
friends  So here the
company will give you ₹3000 if you have added it,
in this, three days admission in the hospital
is very necessary and the company will cover it for a maximum of
10 days. If suppose
you have an operation of 10 days, then ₹3000 cash will be
deposited in your account. If the hospitalization is for 15 days,
then only the
money for 10 days will be
deposited in your account. Friends, let's
talk about the Radon benefit which
you can choose for yourself in this Planets policy.
So the first of these
benefits, friends, is that if you have
taken this plan, it is quite cheap.
If it is for
more than a dozen, then you will get
Rs.10000 which the company will deposit
in your account. Nursing Home
Features: Friends, this feature is that if you have been
discharged from the hospital
and the doctor has suggested
you to stay in a nursing care, that is,
you cannot work that much right now
or you do not have that much service at home.  You can get
a nurse if you need one, so if you have taken this, then
any qualified nurse will
visit you at your home,
take your treatment, help you,
so you will get this money up to ₹3000, which is for a maximum of 15 days,
Compassion and Visit friends, it is that
if you are in some other city and are undergoing
treatment, your parents or your
family members live in some other city
and your admission in the hospital keeps increasing for more than five days,
then you
can call your immediate family member from there and
you will
get the airfare of economy class fare whose
maximum limit is 20000 rupees, in this
example, you can set here that
you had gone to some other city for some work
and an accident happens there,
okay and your hospitalization is above the limit, then
you can send your immediate family
member i.e. your parents or your
children or your wife there  You
can call it, then this is Compassion and Visit,
friends, if we talk about critical illness, then
it will be available only to adults and
in this, 50% means that you have taken a plan of 20 lakhs,
this is a plan of decision, then
50% of it, if we talk about 20 lakhs airplane here, then
you
can also take ₹1000000 for critical illness, a
tempered glass, there are some defined
diseases in which if you get those
diseases, so I will give you the details
in the description, if that disease is of
any kind, then here whatever
cover you have taken for 10 lakhs, that
money will be deposited in your bank account, it has nothing to do with
your treatment,
your body which
is the base of this policy will cover you for treatment, it will be
deposited in your bank account, you should use it to
meet your family expenses and
use it on your loan, spend it on yourself or
do anything, the company did not ask you about this,
but there is a meeting in this, friends,
this plan of nighty dress  Your
critical will be activated only after you get the job. If
we talk about personal accidental,
friends, then it is for adults here.
Whatever mileage you choose in it, you can
use 20 lakhs, 30 lakhs or you can save
time for your loved ones. If
you have taken any such cover in it, then
if you have an accidental death,
permanent disability, whatever you choose,
you will get that money here.
Friends, there are some actions in every policy. If we
talk about negative points in front of it, then this is the same. Once
we discuss it, these also have a
waiting period of 2 years. Here, if
you keep the pre-existing policy in any other company, then you
get 3 years or 4 years. According to me, till now the
pre-existing waiting period is of
two years, like suppose you have a heart
problem or suppose you have a
diabetic.  If you have hypertension or
any such disease and you have
taken the policy, then after 2 years your
problem will be covered. But writer will have to be
65. Here the problem you have is
mile and there will be no problem with it.
If the company has started the policy for you,
then after 2 years
all your diseases will be covered. Similarly, there
is a waiting period for a disease of 20 years,
like you are tracked, hernia,
joint replacement, stone, sinus,
gallbladder removal, okay, uterus removal. So,
in all such companies, there is a
waiting period of 2 years.
These things of yours will be covered only after 2 years. So, there is a
waiting period for your husband.
Friends, if you
go for any treatment in any state, you will
not get its cover before 30 days. This policy
will be activated after 30 days. But if there is any
accidental injury,
due to an accident you have to stay in the hospital, then if
you work from the same Deoband, then
Cataract: Here the limit urban has
come to the office that if suppose there is a cataract
which is around one year old
then if any such treatment is needed in it
then 1 lakh papers will come in it, there is
a provision that you will not be
able to take more than that, so friends, now I am going to tell you
that the company has
introduced some special benefits for the time of cataract, so that is,
as I told you, you have the
first consultation of doctors, this is
also in the case of cataract that by downloading the Oil Tech Care app
you
can consult with doctors in unlimited time zone, okay
and if you have any such old
policy which is
already running, then this
feature is also included in it, so you
can use it, friends,
here for quality it has been reduced to 15 days,
as I told you
that no disease cover will be available for 30 days,
but if you copy it  If this happens then
within 15 days you start
getting its amount, that is after 15 days it is okay,
if we talk about no claim bonus here, if you face
any problem then
your no claim bonus will not be reduced, this
company has added a new feature, you will get the
no claim bonus that you were supposed to get, if we
talk about home health care friends, then our
health care is a service, there are
many such service providers in the market
who can provide you home health
care at home, that is, you do
not need to be admitted to the hospital,
if the doctor has recommended you that
you need to be hospitalized then you
can take the service at home from that service provider,
if you want to take it cashless by taking its approval, then
this service will also be included in your cashless plan, so the
company has not taken anything from this course,
all these features are free
of cost and have added them in the earlier airplane plan as well as
in the current plan,
its deadline is 31 March 2019  If the
idea gets approval and the company is willing to
expand it, then it can do so.
I will update you from time to time.
If this option is going to increase, then
I will let you know. Okay, so
friends, this is the thumb complete help sheet plus
plan. If you still have any doubt or
need any information, then you have my WhatsApp number,
you can ask it in the comment. My
email ID is in the middle, you will find it in the description, you
can contact me from there also. If you have any question in any way, then
you can ask me. So,
friends, I hope you understood this video and
liked it. If you liked it,
then definitely share it with your friends and do
n't forget to like it. See you friends
in the next video. Thank you very much for watching this video.